Do you think I'm stupid?
I will go back with you to get the punishment with both hands
If you want to leave, you injured Zhao Santong in the Liang Palace
I thought King Liang would let you go
Going back with me is my best option
Have you been to the Liang Palace?
So what if you've been there?
Why don't you hurry up?
Let me go back, you can kneel down and beg me
What? Did I hear you right?
You made me kneel and beg you
Haha, that's right.
Just to make you kneel and beg me
Unknown dog thing
Are you not afraid that I will kill you with one knife now?
Do you really think
The princess wants you to catch me to kill me
Well, what else?
You offended the princess and didn't kill anyone you killed
silly
If the princess really wants to kill me
He will personally go to the Liang Palace
He'll let you come out and get me
I've beaten the battle twice and again like a tee
Is the princess willing to kill me?
If I were to turn around and join Liang Bao
You still have work to do at the Duke's Mansion
So get down on your knees and beg me now
If you want to avoid me and turn around, you have to take refuge in Liang Bao